[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[speedealing.admin]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/admin.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/admin.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.agenda]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/agenda.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/agenda.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.banks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/banks.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/banks.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.bills]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bills.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bills.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.bookmarks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bookmarks.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bookmarks.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.boxes]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/boxes.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/boxes.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.cashdesk]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/cashdesk.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/cashdesk.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.categories]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/categories.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/categories.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.commercial]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/commercial.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/commercial.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.commissions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/commissions.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/commissions.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.companies]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/companies.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/companies.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.compta]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/compta.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/compta.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.contracts]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/contracts.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/contracts.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.deliveries]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/deliveries.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/deliveries.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.dict]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/dict.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/dict.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.donations]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/donations.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/donations.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.ecm]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ecm.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ecm.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.errors]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/errors.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/errors.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.exports]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/exports.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/exports.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.externalsite]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/externalsite.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/externalsite.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.ftp]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ftp.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ftp.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.help]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/help.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/help.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.holiday]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/holiday.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/holiday.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.install]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/install.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/install.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.interventions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/interventions.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/interventions.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.languages]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/languages.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/languages.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.ldap]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ldap.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ldap.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.mailmanspip]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mailmanspip.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mailmanspip.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.mails]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mails.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mails.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.main]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/main.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/main.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.margins]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/margins.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/margins.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.members]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/members.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/members.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.orders]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/orders.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/orders.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.other]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/other.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/other.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.paybox]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paybox.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paybox.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.paypal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paypal.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paypal.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.products]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/products.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/products.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.projects]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/projects.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/projects.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.propal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/propal.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/propal.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.sendings]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sendings.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sendings.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.sms]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sms.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sms.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.stocks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/stocks.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/stocks.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.suppliers]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/suppliers.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/suppliers.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.trips]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/trips.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/trips.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.users]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/users.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/users.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.withdrawals]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/withdrawals.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/withdrawals.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

[speedealing.workflow]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/workflow.lang.php
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/workflow.lang.php
source_lang = en_US

